sdk docs (#60)
Unstructured-IO/docs: api-reference/api-services/sdk.mdx

    <CodeGroup>
    ```python Python
    import unstructured_client
    from unstructured_client.models import operations, shared

    client = unstructured_client.UnstructuredClient(
        api_key_auth="YOUR_FREE_API_KEY",
        # You only need to provide your unique API URL if using the paid api
        # server_url="YOUR_API_URL",
    )

    filename = "sample-docs/layout-parser-paper.pdf"
    file = open(filename, "rb")
    req = operations.PartitionRequest(
        partition_parameters=shared.PartitionParameters(
            # --- `files` is the only required parameter ---
            files=shared.Files(  # The sdk currently only supports sending a single file
                content=file.read(),
                file_name=filename,
            ),
            # --- Other partition parameters ---
            # Note: Defining `strategy`, `chunking_strategy`, and `output_format`
            # parameters as strings is accepted, but will not pass strict type checking. It is
            # advised to use the new enum classes for defining those parameters as shown below.

>             strategy=shared.Strategy.AUTO,  

Reviewer: Let's make sure that the examples in tabs are exactly the same (except language/syntax). 
The first two examples (Python and JavaScript) show 4 additional parameters, the third example (Python SDK < 0.22) only shows 2, and the strategy is different, the last example (JS <0.22) only shows 1 additional parameter.

For the basic example, let's show only 2 additional params in all examples, and they should be the same across examples.

            chunking_strategy=shared.ChunkingStrategy.BY_PAGE,
            languages=['eng'], 
            starting_page_number=1,
        ),
    )

    res = client.general.partition(request=req)

    if res.elements is not None:
        # Handle the response
        pass
    ```
    ```javascript JavaScript
    import { openAsBlob } from "node:fs";
    import { UnstructuredClient } from "unstructured-client";
    import { Strategy, ChunkingStrategy } from "unstructured-client/sdk/models/shared";

    const client = new UnstructuredClient({
        security: { apiKeyAuth: "YOUR_FREE_API_KEY" },

>         // You only need to provide your unique API URL if using the paid api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // You only need to provide your unique API URL if using the SaaS Unstructured API
```

        // serverURL: "YOUR_API_URL",
    });

    async function run() {
        const res = await client.general.partition({
            partitionParameters: {
                // --- `files` is the only required parameter ---

>                 files: await openAsBlob("./sample-file"),  // The sdk currently only supports sending a single file

Reviewer: In all other examples we have  `"sample-docs/layout-parser-paper.pdf"`, let's use the same filename here. 
The idea is to show the exact same example, and the difference should only be in the SDK code used.

Author: Good catch!

                // --- Other partition params ---
                strategy: Strategy.Auto,
                chunkingStrategy: ChunkingStrategy.ByPage,
                languages: ['eng'], 
                startingPageNumber: 1,
            },
        });

        // Handle the response
        console.log(res)
    }

    run();
    ```
    ```python Python (SDK <v0.22.0)
    import unstructured_client
    from unstructured_client.models import shared
    from unstructured_client.models.errors import SDKError

    client = unstructured_client.UnstructuredClient(
        api_key_auth="YOUR_FREE_API_KEY",

>         # You only need to provide your unique API URL if using the paid api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # You only need to provide your unique API URL if using the SaaS Unstructured API
```

        # server_url="YOUR_API_URL",
    )

    filename = "sample-docs/layout-parser-paper.pdf"
    file = open(filename, "rb")

    # Requests not wrapped in `shared.PartitionRequest` may be deprecated and break in future versions
    req = shared.PartitionParameters(
        files=shared.Files(  # The sdk currently only supports sending a single file
            content=file.read(),
            file_name=filename,
        ),
        # Other partition parameters
        languages=['eng'],
        strategy="fast",
    )

    try:
        res = client.general.partition(request=req)
        print(res.elements[0])
    except SDKError as e:
        print(e)
    ```
    ```javascript JavaScript (SDK <v0.10.6)
    import { UnstructuredClient } from "unstructured-client";
    import { PartitionResponse } from "unstructured-client/dist/sdk/models/operations";
    import * as fs from "fs";

    const key = "YOUR_FREE_API_KEY";

    const client = new UnstructuredClient({
        security: { apiKeyAuth: "YOUR_FREE_API_KEY" },

>         // You only need to provide your unique API URL if using the paid api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // You only need to provide your unique API URL if using the SaaS Unstructured API
```

        // serverURL: "YOUR_API_URL",
    });

    const filename = "sample-docs/layout-parser-paper.pdf";
    const data = fs.readFileSync(filename);

    client.general.partition({
        // The sdk currently only supports sending a single file
        files: {
            content: data,
            fileName: filename,
        },
        // Other partition params
        strategy: "auto",
    })
    ```
    </CodeGroup>

    In the example above we're sending the request to the free Unstructured API, where the API URL is
    the same for all users, so you don't need to provide the server URL. However, you still need to
    authenticate using your individual API Key.

> ## Paid API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SaaS Unstructured API
```

        client = UnstructuredClient(
            api_key_auth="YOUR_API_KEY",
            retry_config=RetryConfig("backoff", BackoffStrategy(
                # time intervals are defined in milliseconds
                initial_interval=500,
                max_interval=60000,
                exponent=1.5,
                max_elapsed_time=900000,  # 15min*60sec*1000ms = 15 minutes
            ), False),
            retry_connection_errors=True,  // Set to `False` to disable retries completely
        )
        ```
        ```javascript JavaScript
        const client = new UnstructuredClient({
            security: { apiKeyAuth: "YOUR_API_KEY" },
            serverURL: "YOUR_API_URL",
            retryConfig: {
                strategy: "backoff",
                backoff: {
                    initialInterval: 500,
                    maxInterval: 60000,
                    exponent: 1.5,
                    maxElapsedTime: 900000, // 15min*60sec*1000ms = 15 minutes
                },
                retryConnectionErrors: true,  // Set to `false` to disable retries completely
            };
        });
        ```
        </CodeGroup>

    ### Disabling SSL Validation

>         If you disabling SSL validation, requests will accept any TLS certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you disable SSL validation, requests will accept any TLS certificate
```

        presented by the server and ignore hostname mismatches and/or expired certificates, 
        which will make your application vulnerable to man-in-the-middle (MitM) attacks.
        Only set this to `False` for testing.

        <CodeGroup>
        ```python Python
        http_client = requests.Session()
        http_client.verify = False

        client = UnstructuredClient(
            client=http_client,
            ...
        )
        ```
        </CodeGroup>

## Handling the Response

    The partition response defaults to a dict format that can be converted to Unstructured elements with

>     the `elements_from_dicts` utility function as seen below. Otherwise, the api response can be sent directly 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the `elements_from_dicts` utility function as seen below. Otherwise, the API response can be sent directly 
```

    to your vector store or another destination.

    <CodeGroup>
    ```python Python
    from unstructured.staging.base import elements_from_dicts

    ...

    if res.elements is not None:
        elements = elements_from_dicts(response.elements)
    ```
    </CodeGroup>

## Parameters & examples

    #### Parameter names 
        The parameter names used in this document are for the JavaScript SDK, which follow camelCase
        convention (while the Python SDK uses snake_case). Other than this difference in naming convention, 
        the names used in the SDKs are the same across all methods.

    * Refer to the [API parameters](/api-reference/api-services/api-parameters) page for the full list of available parameters.
    * Refer to the [Examples](/api-reference/api-services/examples) page for some inspiration on using the parameters.

> [//]: # (TODO: when we have the concepts page shared across products, link it from here for the users to learn about partition strategies, chunking strategies and other important shared concepts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: I think we can remove this todo

Author: Sounds good. That was on one of the previous sdk pages I believe

        strategy: "auto", // Defining `strategy` as a string may be deprecated in favor of enum classes
    })
    ```
    </CodeGroup>

    In the example above we're sending the request to the free Unstructured API, where the API URL is
    the same for all users, so you don't need to provide the server URL. However, you still need to
    authenticate using your individual API Key.

## Paid API

    If you want to use the SaaS Unstructured API, all you need to do is initialize the SDK client with
    the unique API URL that you received in the same email as your API key. For Unstructured API on
    Azure/AWS, use the API URL that you configured through those services.

    <CodeGroup>
    ```python Python
    client = unstructured_client.UnstructuredClient(
        api_key_auth="YOUR_API_KEY",
        server_url="YOUR_API_URL",
    )
    ```
    ```javascript JavaScript
    const client = new UnstructuredClient({
        security: { apiKeyAuth: "YOUR_API_KEY" },
        serverURL: "YOUR_API_URL",
    });
    ```
    </CodeGroup>

## Page Splitting

    In order to speed up processing of long PDF files, set the `splitPdfPage`[*](#parameter-names) parameter to `true`. This will

>     cause the PDF to be split page-by-page by the client before sending requests to the API. The client

Reviewer 2: Now it's not page-by-page, but rather a small batches ranging between 1-20 pages, depending on the max concurrent requests and document size. Note: The 1-20 pages range might change in the future.

Reviewer 3: that's right, please see this:
https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured-python-client?tab=readme-ov-file#splitting-pdf-by-pages

    awaits all parallel requests and combines the responses into a single response object. This will
    work only for PDF files, so don't set it for other types of files.

    The number of parallel requests is controlled by `splitPdfConcurrencyLevel`[*](#parameter-names). 
    The default is 5 and the max is set to 15 to avoid high resource usage and costs.

    If at least one request is successful, the responses are combined into a single response object. An

>     error is returned only if all requests failed or there was no PDF split.

Reviewer 2: > or there was no PDF split.

I would change this since it will send the request if the split couldn't be performed (e.g. there were less than 2 pages, or the file extension is not `.pdf`). I would either change it to `or there was an error during splitting PDF` or just remove it.

@micmarty-deepsense

>     When using page splitting, note that chunking will not always work since chunking may happen on the
>     API side. If you need to chunk, you can make a second request to the API with the returned elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    When using page splitting, note that chunking will not always work as expected, since chunking will happen on the
    API side. If you need to chunk, you can make a second request to the API with the returned elements.
```

And would also add an explanation why: "When chunking elements the whole document context is processed but when we use splitting we only have a part of the context. ".

    <Note>
    Warning: Page splitting causes the `parent_id` metadata generation in elements to be disabled, as it
    requires having context of multiple pages.

>     </Note>

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's the case anymore. @awalker4 could you confirm/deny?

Reviewer 4: Correct, this can be removed
